# Troubleshooting

## Logfiles 
Check **error.log** and **project-dwre.log** for detailed messages.

## Replication Agent not valid
If configured Replication Agent is not valid - check if Replication bundle is active in OSGI Console.

If the Replication bundle is not active and missing dependencies - check if AEM 6.4.5 Service Pack is installed.

## Page Replication failed
Go to the [OSGI Console](http://localhost:4502/system/console/configMgr) and verify there is **"Demandware Client"** config for instanceId, configured in Replication Agent. Verify that Demandware Client config is valid. The mandatory properties are `Instance endpoint ip or hostname`, `Asset download endpoint` and `Instance id`.

>**Note!** Invalid configurations will be listed in /system/console/configMgr. To view valid configured clients go to [Components](http://localhost:4502/system/console/components), search for "DemandwareClient" and check the status=active.

Go to OSGI Console and verify there is `Demandware Access Token Provider` config for instanceId, configured in Replication Agent.

Verify that the system user, configured in Agent dialog exists and has `jcr:read` permissions to replicated content AND `jcr:read` and `jcr:write` permissions to it's profile node (in `/home/users/system/demandware/...`. 

Check the users from the sample content. To see what access rights are required.

Verify dwreSite property is configured for the page (or parent) and such Site exists in SFCC.

## Replication successful but the Page is not transferred to Salesforce 

Check if your template is listed in the list of considered resource Types in the `Demandware ContentBuilder Plugin for Page > Content Asset transformation` (see [Configuration](4.1-Configuration)).

## Asset Replication failed

Verify WebDav username and password configured in Demandware Client.
Verify that the `dwreLibrary` property is set in `/content/dam/path-to-asset` or any parent node and that the specified library exists in SFCC.

Verify "DAMAssetPlugin" OSGI config. If needed, modify the relative path of the WEBDAV share for static assets. 



## Inspect the HTTP Conversation 

The OCAPI is a ReST interface. You gain a lot insight if you eavesdrop on the connection. 

The conversation between AEM and SFCC is encrypted however - though there is a nice hack to [eavesdrop with an http proxy](https://github.com/ackoch/ssl-eavesdropping/wiki/Eavesdropping-SSL-connections) anyway.

